develop: refactor Python mysqlclient tutorial (#14544)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-insert-data.md

For complete examples in Python, see:

- [Use PyMySQL to build a simple CRUD app with TiDB and Python](/develop/dev-guide-sample-application-python-pymysql.md#step-2-get-the-code)

> - [Connecting to TiDB cluster with mysqlclient](https://github.com/tidb-samples/tidb-python-mysqlclient-quickstart)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Connect to TiDB with mysqlclient](https://github.com/tidb-samples/tidb-python-mysqlclient-quickstart)
```
